
I. Contents and Installation

This archive contains the following directories:
    LICENSE  - license information
    doc      - documentation
    include  - include files needed to use the PATH library
    lib      - library files
    examples - example interfaces to PATH

The doc director contains two documents.  The general documentation is found
in user.ps, which is an updated version of the Ph.D. thesis by T. Munson.
Chapter 3 provides a description of the PATH library calls and Chapter 6
documents the PATH algorithm and options.  Documentation for the GAMS interface
to PATH is found in gams_user.ps

The lib directory has subdirectories containing libraries for Linux,
Solaris, and Windows.  To complete the installation of the libraries 
for Linux and Solaris, you must augment the LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment
variable with the absolute path to the library directory (lib/linux/dynamic 
or lib/solaris/dynamic).  Otherwise, when you try to run any executables, the 
shared objects will not be found.  For Windows, you to augment your path with 
the absolute location of libraries (lib\windows\dynamic).  Otherwise, the DLL 
will not be found when you try to run an application.

The examples directory contains the Matlab, LCP, QP, and Standalone interfaces
to PATH.  These are documented in Chapter 2 of the doc/user.ps.  You should
be able to compile them with the makefiles provided.

II. Limitations

This version of the PATH library includes an evaluation license that
allows you to solve any problems until March 1, 2002.  Please see the
LICENSE file for information on setting the evaluation license.
After that date, the license reverts to a demonstration license that 
is restricted to solving problems with at most 200 variables and 
10000 nonzeros.  Please contact either Michael Ferris (ferris@cs.wisc.edu) 
or Todd Munson (tmunson@mcs.anl.gov) for information on obtaining an 
unrestricted license.

The Solaris libraries were compiled using the SUN compiler.  There might
be incompatibilities if you attempt to link your code with the GNU compiler
and these libraries.  If you experience difficulties, contact one of the
authors to obtain Solaris libraries compiled with the GNU compiler.

The Windows libraries were compiled with Microsoft Visual C and Digital 
Fortran.  If you experience problems with these libraries and your compiler,
contact one of the authors.

III. References

Papers related to PATH that should be referenced include:

S. P. Dirkse, "Robust Solution of Mixed Complementarity Problems",
	Ph.D. thesis, Computer Sciences Dept., Univ. of Wisconsin,
	Madison, 1994.  Available from
	ftp://ftp.cs.wisc.edu/math-prog/tech-reports/.

S. P. Dirkse and M. C. Ferris, "The PATH Solver: A Non-Monotone 
        Stabilization Scheme for Mixed Complementarity Problems", 
        Optimization Methods and Software 5 (1995), pp. 123-156.

M. C. Ferris and T. S. Munson, "Interfaces to PATH 3.0: Design,
	Implementation and Usage", Computational Optimization and
        Applications 12 (1999), pp. 207-227.

T. S. Munson, "Algorithms and Environments for Complementarity",
	Ph.D. thesis, Computer Sciences Dept., Univ. of Wisconsin,
	Madison, 2000.  Available from
	ftp://ftp.cs.wisc.edu/math-prog/tech-reports/.

Pointers to other relevant papers appear in
	http://www.cs.wisc.edu/~ferris/papers.html

